[Music]
here are the RV appearance basics on
caring for EPDM rubber and TPO membrane
roofing cleaning and treatment should be
done two to three times a year depending
on roof type storage vehicle use
condition and location a clean roof is
the first step in maintaining a clean RV
check your shoes for debris and bring
your tools to the roof first make sure
your roof is dry swept free of debris
and level begin at the front of the
coach and work in sections back toward
the ladder spray protect all rubber roof
cleaner to a section and agitate with a
moist sponge mop
collect the sludge making sure not to
move any on to the coach siding bring
the sledge into an empty bucket repeat
the cleaning process across and down the
roof
[Music]
apply protect all rubber roof treatment
once the roof has had ample time to dry
lightly spray the treatment to a section
and spread with a clean moist sponge mop
finally continued the process across and
down the roof make sure to allow 24
hours to air dry
[Music]
you